[Music]
What I thought I was to love no longer
existed Kisses are given away on
any corner
I who thought I was to love It was just a
game But I look at you And I'm dying to
have you
next to me
I'll invest my life Nor
give you any hope And I
[Music] I
will win the game The time that was
lost
And I ask each day
Until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
life
Each day I will always be able to love you Waiting for
the moment to have you in front of me
[Music]
If the world separates I will stay with you
If tomorrow doesn't dawn I will stay with you If
you want me to stay I will stay with you
What do things matter to me And when
I smile I turn around And I am
with you With you
[Music] I
will invest my life Nor give
you any hope And I
[Music] I
will play the game The time that was lost
[Music]
And I ask each day
Until the last kiss that breathes This
life I ask each day I will always be able to
love you Waiting for the moment to have
you in front of me
[Music] I
will pour my life Nor
give you any hope And I
[Music]  I will
leave the time that was lost
[Music]
and I ask Every day that your soul be my day
Until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
path And I ask every day to always be able to love you
Waiting for the moment to have you
[Music]
[Applause] I
don't promise to bring you breakfast Every
morning
I will promise that my life begins where you
end I
don't want false expectations Or to live
within a lie Yours is
true despite what you say I will
remember that walk through that plaza
That with shame We couldn't Even
look
The moment arrived I took your hand As we
continued walking For both of us It
fell silent In The big City City City City
City
Why do I want to see the star shine in
the sky
The most beautiful in the firmament I
don't know if you'll understand What I'm telling you What to
feel The way she smiles Inside
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] I
will tell you that I asked myself that every day before
waking That if I argue It's to get to
know you more There is no Fog that can
darken this love
[Music]
That we will go through moments that  we
imagine
that the pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving each other but this
feeling of ours with farm that the
wounds that we cause to the soul
breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us I
want to see you
cry more than I want to see the
star shine in the sky
the most beautiful in the firmament I don't know if you will
understand me And what I'm telling you you
have to feel the heart as it smiles
Inside I
want to see you I want to send you
to my side I have Leave dress
lights and you will understand me and I have done that I
to you I tell you you have to feel the heart
as it smiles inside
[Music]
Good afternoon family How are you well amazing what's happening
today amazing what's happening today amazing what's happening today at this time
and on telesalseo well no Let's
see let me
explain today I wasn't thinking that live
on here I was thinking of uploading news but a
good part of that I have the schedule
completely messed up something happened that I would like to
clarify as soon as possible tomorrow we will
return to normal on Teresa
salseo And such But I would like
something serious happened something serious happened I'm not
joking and I would like to clarify as soon as
possible because the truth is I think it's
gotten a little out of hand okay to the
better what what you're not on Twitter
those of you who aren't on Twitter Well maybe you do
n't know the whole thing But
anyway I'm going to explain it in the
most real way possible and if I have to
apologize for something I will ask for it okay but
I'm going to explain what happened and
from my point of view how
things have been because the truth is that I don't know
I really am in a I don't know I just
woke up a while ago and I'm in a
completely different reality than a
lot of people and I don't understand what kind of
people are on Twitter What kind of people are
on the street What kind of friends do
certain youtubers have And what kind of
followers do a lot of people have okay but I'm
going to tell you and I want you all to
give me your opinion in the most
sincere way possible okay And I'm telling you eh
if I was wrong I was wrong And
if I screwed up it was without bad
intentions and I apologize okay I mean no there's
no problem with that and my ego doesn't fall
or anything like that okay
but I think that the best things have
gotten a little out of hand Yesterday when we
finished  the live the intense live
that we had here okay because we had a
very intense live that later I had to
put it in private because there was a
lady who said too many things anyway a
lot of things that I don't want to remember
right now because the truth is that I ended up
with I
ended up quite angry
okay the thing when the live ends well I do
my Boomer stuff
to fall asleep in bed I check
a few things on Twitter and I post
some tweets okay mostly they were
tweets related to the live that we had
nothing important the
thing is that I come across one of with
one of the tweets I'm going
to silence the notifications you
'll forgive me later I'll thank you okay
the thing is that It's good that one of
the tweets was that came out on
Twitter Well I was in reference to this
topic of an ugly steak that you're seeing
these
with it's not very ugly they're a joke that you're
seeing these days with the topic of a Morn
and with and me Juan okay let's see so that
those of you who don't know what this thing is about,
not a murn surely
everyone knows it  and she knows what she's about, she does
n't know the type of content she makes, she
makes more or less pornography, okay,
among other words, what she best
defines. Her content is pornographic, in
fact, she's a millionaire for making
pornographic content and both on porn pages
and on onlyfans, she sells pornography, it's that
simple, okay. And besides that, she's a
streamer on Twitch, which, well, she does
a pretty risqu category. The
thing is that
the thing is that
these days she's having like
a kind of joke with lily Juan
because she's doing a game right now on
her channel,
a kind of game that involves
passing her pictures of men and
she says if she would sleep with them or not.
Okay, then, and I, Juan,
followed the joke because they showed her the
picture of I, Juan, and she said yes, she would
sleep with him, so and I, Juan,
followed the joke,
well, I'm not sorry, love, but right now I have
sores in my mouth, I don't know, I do
n't know how much it's worth. And even more so if she took it as a
joke and laughed, no. So,
without any bad intentions, I promise, I mean, I
swear to you, whatever I want,
okay  maybe very Boomer Well maybe
very Boomer I'm not going to tell you no that it's
not funny Well maybe
surely like the rest of the things I
say okay I took and I came up with the
wonderful idea of saying retweet if you
're with Maxi the like if you go with Amuran
okay I
promise you I promise you that the intention
was not with any type of sexual nature
okay I promise you but come on it would be the
last thing I would have done it's that I have no
reason to lie to you in this if it had been
Well look it wouldn't happen either it wouldn't be
a crime I mean if I was
comparing Hey which of the two Is
better it wouldn't be a crime we're
talking about that
Amuran was being a game passing
photographs saying if she would sleep with one or the
other according to their physique okay but that's
not the case I mean my intention was to
scratch some retweets of the stick that
people were going to vote for Massi because she's the
[ __ ] boss and because Amuran is a
liar I mean it's like people were
going to stay with Massi because
people love Maxi more and  Mulan
is like the typical clich of a girl who is
very hot but people don't like her
only because of her physique Okay
but it wasn't a comparison
in a bad way the first thing is that
really and I hope this reaches Juan
and her because really it's that I can't
promise otherwise I mean
whoever knows me and whoever follows me
knows Javi you should have thought before posting
the tweet Well maybe yes Maybe
but it's just that I don't see it as that big of a deal
really I mean I don't see it as that
big of a deal it could be unfortunate that it
could be misunderstood if I understand it I mean I
really understand okay but I
promise you that the last intention
I had was to compare them
physically sexually which one is hotter
or something like that I
promise you I promise you that was not the
intention it's that really point number
one I don't dislike her and I Juan in fact I
think that both I Juan and Maxi
all the words that have been exchanged
lately here when their names have come up
have been super positive I mean like
super  well I swear I
swear no, those of you who are
here live know it and
especially about her because for me she is the [ __ ]
boss I mean I really like her I
think I've even put the
songs here and I've recommended them it's because I have
n't had any bad intentions So I mean
if I had had bad intentions
then I'll be saying that
I listen to what's there and I wouldn't
see anything wrong with it if I were
comparing them like which of the two do you
think is better but it's because I haven't
had any bad intentions much
less attacking her or Juan I
promise you and anyone who knows me knows that
would be the last thing I would do the first thing is
that I don't dislike him okay I've
criticized him in the past for some things
and some arguments okay And I also
took some of the things he put up badly but
6 years ago it's been
six years I ran into
him at the squid game and we
played jokes and we
greeted each other really great okay but even if I didn't like him Even
if I didn't like him
Even if  if I didn't like him the last thing I would do
would be attack anyone in his family
or his partner I
mean no I can't say anything else And I'm
really going to delete the tweet when
the live is over But because I understand that it
can be seen for me whoever
interprets this as something sexual is that he
has some kind of lack in his head and
maybe everything he sees is sexual okay
Because if I had wanted to compare them
in a sexual way Well I would have taken and
put another photo of Amuran which I
think there are many other photos to
choose from
really there is no sexual context
in this one in this tweet that could be
Boomer well it could be Boomer which may
not be funny well it's not funny
okay I mean it was seven at
8 in the morning after being all
night with my head saturated Well maybe
I made a mistake because from here I
apologize Juan llamas and if it
bothered them right now I'm going to delete it
okay but it's not that there was any
sexual intention I promise you man I mean I
promise you there was no
sexual impression who knows me and who follows me
and especially after the things that have
happened to me man the last thing I would do
would be Even if I didn't like the guy which
is not the case that I like him or rather I
don't agree with them Juan in
some thoughts in some things it does
n't mean that I don't like him it's that I
like him which is the worst thing is that you
know what I'm telling you I mean it's that I like him It's that I like him he
understands me But
even if I didn't like him like [ __ ] the
last thing I would do would be attack her
couple I
mean if it's that I don't even know How many if it's that
I even defended her when they
said something rude to her in the contest this
video jun no de and I Juan no de ibai that they
said to her like a rude thing the pisero and
the other do you remember who they were they were
the pisero and another that they said to her like a
rude thing the chat can't be seen today man Today
is broken they
always spoke well of Maxi I have
shared her songs I mean if it's that I'm
going to have against her but if she is
a delight
Yes now we see the video of cape [ __ ] it is
that the chat doesn't appear to me man and I
feel Here talking a little alone I
also tell you let's see I wanted to mute
but I also didn't want to feel like I was talking
alone for a moment
[Music]
no I don't know what's wrong with this Today it's really
broken man it's really broken let's see it's
broken today okay
Javi clarify with this directly
well I'll try to talk to them I'll try to talk to them
but first I
wanted to
stop it publicly because what
I'm telling you I mean I understand that it
can be misinterpreted okay I understand that
the moment you see a photo of
Amuran the first thing you think is
sexual okay maybe the one who's
thinking something sexual is because they have
some kind of deficiency and everything seems
sexual to them okay but what I'm telling you I mean
at no time have I had bad
intentions but let's say it would be the
last thing that would
cross my mind because because it's that I do
n't dislike them it's that they are people
that I like above all I
promise you I mean it's not because they're
attacking me or because they're
threatening me or for or because of what I'm going to
show you now I mean it's that  it's that no it's that no it's that I do
n't have any kind
of bad vibes with Juan nor do I want to
have them okay so I mean I was wrong and I well I was wrong
What do you want me to
say I mean I'm wrong too you
know I criticize people here but I
also make mistakes because the thing is I'm
a person you know and now I see it and I say
[ __ ] because it wasn't
funny at all it seemed like a good idea in my
head and then it wasn't
funny at all in context I found it
funny because I'm an idiot I mean
within the context within the context
Well I found it funny because there were
people who were posting the same
photos like they were responding to ibai about
the evening not about
the evening like who would you like to
see at the evening no then
people were posting more and Morn Well what do I
know well I put there hey who's she going with it's that
no Really I mean I didn't
have any bad intentions you
understand I mean if there's someone who
has seen it in another context Well I
think that like there are a lot of people who
have a thing against me in this thing of the  networks because I have
put his YouTube because I criticized
his youtuber whatever because I think that I have
tried to turn it around and take it out
of context and I understand that it
can be taken out or rather I apologize from
here to yo Juan And amazi really that I have
not had bad intentions or rather
they probably have not even realized
but it is that I have not had bad
intentions So it is that I would be the
last one who would do point number one I
repeat I have nothing against yo
Juan I have been able to criticize him on some
occasions how will I be able to
criticize him again in the future if I do not
agree with things that you say but from
there I have something against him it is that it is
not worth it And the thing is that if I had it if I
had it the last thing I would do after
the things that have happened to me the
last thing I would do the last thing I would do
would be attack
someone or be disrespectful
to someone in their family or their or their
partner, I mean no and whoever follows me
knows it okay there are people who because this
comes from Lans this has publicized it in
not with another in fact and now  when I
woke up of
course the ad as he has been I have made myself out to be
the racist that he is and sexist that he is
because he spends all day blocking me
unblocking me in a way that he takes out of
context so that people attack me
and I understand it like everyone
plays their cards and I think it's great
but the truth is that I do
n't see it as that big of a deal I do
n't see it for I don't see it for
that's okay you guys really see it
for this I'm asking or rather
tell me from the total from the
total sincerity
actually it struck me as funny
or it could be funny or not now I'm going to
delete it because well I think it
can be misinterpreted okay I understand I understand that
people didn't like it I
really apologize I mean I
apologize but it wasn't it wasn't the
real intention I mean if not I wouldn't apologize for
forgiveness I promise it's not
because they're putting this on me or because their
people are insulting me
Juan it's that no it wasn't my intention I mean it's that I
can't say anything else it
would be the last thing I would do and whoever
follows me who me  you know you know like
why am I going to mess with her if
she's a Charm if I'm here
but if it's not that I say it if it's that if there are
a lot of videos where
I talk about the subject
is that there are a lot of videos where I
talk about her and her name comes up and no
and I've always spoken well of her okay
But you guys see it for this
you say I'll play it again Javi the bad thing
Maybe it's putting a
healthy girl on the same level as more boys fall in love But
comparing two people by their physique is not
bad at all and it's something we do
all the time it wasn't about the physique I mean it was
n't about the physique like
Yeah now it's a piece of [ __ ] and it could be
an unfortunate tweet it's that I don't see it
either it's really I mean I don't
see it as that big of a deal Or rather the opposite is what
I wanted to search for with that that's why I
put it in the retweets because people will
stay with the girl who is the [ __ ] boss
and not with the typical prototype of a hot chick
okay
without more that it's a piece of [ __ ] okay I mean I
recognize it okay  I recognize it I mean yours isn't
funny I recognize it dude I mean like it ca
n't be anything else I'm
not going to justify the tweet
saying [ __ ] yours was the
best no that I recognize that
yours is ugly that I shouldn't have
posted it because in my head they are spectacular
and I screwed up okay but it's for this
dude I mean I'm asking
answer myself with total sincerity I have
reported this man I
have reported this man and through various means I see it is that I see him I see him
several I see him
various issues I see him various
paths to these things okay
This is for this Of course because I
thought this was Yo
Juan's audience but it's that I found out from what
people have told me that he's a friend
and now seeing a little bit who he was because of
course he puts his name and I filed a
complaint I realize that he is a
public person also that he is somewhat
famous also this is for this dude I mean this
is for or what In what what
world do we live In what time do we
live I
mean really it is if you see it for for
this Well I'll take it right now and I don't
know I'll go out  to the street that they
stomp on my head
okay
really or rather this is what I have
disrespected more and at this level
because it is that whoever follows me knows that it would be the
last thing I would do
and less with more and that you know that I have always always
had nice words for them
always always But this is for this I mean maybe
in another time of my
life Maybe when I was 13 years old
well you know but I don't know obviously
between this and the messages that she has
sent me obviously they have taken
measures it is that I see it I see it traveled
but by several means also anyone
who is a lawyer and so on is going to see it
running if one day they see you on the street I'll
step on your head and son of a [ __ ]
Javita Sorry to her if I have sent
a tweet But the thing is that I think that she will not even
be aware of the subject but come on I have
sent a tweet and tagged her
if one day I see you on the street I'll step on your
head son of a [ __ ] let's see still
still it could
not be worth it But well
the insults could still happen
okay because we are on the internet I don't know
what the insult is still worth but I mean
I have  that I have to be careful now on
the street because there's a guy that I don't know
who he is or what kind of person he is
because if he posts this in public on the
internet I don't want to imagine myself on the
street, I mean
without the internet you post this without
cutting a hair,
supposedly in public being a
public figure, well man you know they
can report you, right? Well
now I have to be careful on
the street because there's a guy that I don't know
who the [ __ ] he is and I don't know what kind of
person he is, he's going to step on my head
when he sees me,
obviously the first thing I did was go
to the police station but then my
lawyer, well, he's going to take other kinds of
measures, it
seems to me, I don't know, this is what the tweet is
for, man, this is what the tweet is for, I don't know, I don't know, it's
just that I do
n't see it as that big of a deal, I really don't mean I'm in
love with you, of course, I published
this screenshot thinking
first that it was a Yo Juan audience,
anuns audience, I thought it was
anuns audience because there's a tweet
first where I share the screenshot
saying Look what kind of people because they're
writing to me this kind of things,
not only Yo Juan's friend
is writing to me, a lot of people are there
some screenshots that I can't post
because Twitch would throw me live and
YouTube too okay they've sent me
decapitated people anyway a ton of
stuff Okay and Lorena too
for this I mean it's so much it's so much it
was a mess man I
still haven't gotten the bad part of the tweet Let's
see this is what I'm telling you the
whole thing may not be funny but let's see I'll
delete it okay But for this I've been
wanting to you for a while now you
dropped some gems on Juanito in
your videos I let it go I even
felt sorry when they harassed you about
your son in a video I saw in passing
but I see that it's still the same
[ __ ] as always I'd like to see how
you would feel if a streamer without coming to the
point and if it was the same with your wife I
swear to my dead that one day we will
meet later don't say I didn't warn you
No it's not that it's a full-
blown threat there are more things here okay in
this message in the other day there are more
things But well yes we will see each other but
in the court where
things are fixed you understand me I mean we are not in the
movie of seven  we're not even virgins
things get fixed where they need to be
fixed I don't know, that's it, there's no more, there's no
more okay Yeah yeah let's see they're
sending him Of course thanks to the tweets from
these people and from Lans Well, they're
sending Lorena the same type of things and
that's why I did the live today at 8
Well I don't know what time it started 89 no
normally you know that I connect at
12 but I wanted to clear this up as soon as possible
and retire for today you know but it's like
dude I mean yeah okay I
screwed up I mean I don't see him either I do
n't see him you know like I don't
see him either just like that I mean you see the tweet and you
can think damn what an
[ __ ] Javi No well what an [ __ ]
okay But I've been wanting to do this for a
while now you dropped several Pearls on
Juanito in his videos okay first of all
I haven't messed with anything of mine
Juan for I think five or six
years I haven't said anything negative to him
anyway even if I said something
negative because I didn't agree
with him he's
inside  of what we are exposed to, I
mean, and I, Juan, is incredibly
huge, incredibly famous,
okay,
if I want to criticize him, I can
criticize him, but aside from that, I let it go, but
how come I let it go, but in what world, I mean, I let it go. Well,
guys, be careful, don't
criticize Juan, okay, don't criticize Juan,
but apparently there's a person
who either admits it to you or doesn't admit it to you Or lets you go,
okay, I
even felt sorry when they
harassed you, okay, I mean, this man knows that they
harassed me, I mean, this man knows what
happened to my family and knowing what, knowing
what happened to my
family,
oh well, be careful, man, of
course, the truth is, I'm afraid of running into him
anywhere,
of course,
that's why we're going to take several measures.
But, well, if you guys believe that the tweet
that I posted for this, well, hey,
really. I mean, right now I'm going to go out on the street
to see if someone wants to step on my
head, okay, but, I mean, you know, you know what
happened to my family and you think
that I'm going to post a tweet to mess
with someone else's family, I
mean, you've really  seen what happened
to my family
that all that happened to my family
came from a large part of the same people
who are attacking me today because they are
taking advantage of the wave no but you know
what happened to my family and it crosses your
mind that I would attack
someone's girlfriend you
just have to think a little
or I mean just just
think a little
and I Juan stay quiet it's not that I Juan will not
have even found out because
of your son
anyway I don't know in plan it's that he already
describes the message alone I'm not going to
explain more simply nor am I
going to give this too much hype because
we are going to fix it obviously where it has to be
fixed okay but it seems
very strong to me
not only
[Music]
the tweet and the message as such okay
but I'm going to show you a little of the ones
mentioned okay
purer than Len there is no Evo I imagine
that will be the name of the kid no what they
say is very pure ebonis my team
always
great I love you a lot the
normal thing would be that they don't threaten you
kid The Legend El Monte I want They are going
to give you the tuna you [ __ ] fool
little has you  said loser what a machine
Levonne has told you little for the
coquedas What a machine Levonne I hope he's
my friend
guys and we give a euro to each one who
follows Juanito we pay his lawyer
if you think that's just a thing
for hired men man I don't know what you
expected when you were doing a survey with
two women as if they were two trophies
Ah okay I mean he deserved this
okay what a
machine
according to basadsimo
a friend like evonne is the best that
life can give you
evonne I'm always going to like you a
lot I
love you You're normal Javi I'm sorry to
tell you I told you little what a
machine I love you
[Music] you're
going to look for more problems than
solutions what a
session we want the mountain You're
the best
what basa
totally deserved
every action has its consequence
for going around spouting [ __ ] they're
going to hit you a Tracker
Suck my dick Javi from side to side and they
go basa has told you little wake up
great the [ __ ] evon you're a
piece of [ __ ] eater
I'm in with evonne
little le
my father said evom
What kind of people
[Music]
made man
I ask
big
Javi Take care of your children you're going to
lose your life from all the [ __ ] you
do on the internet
I agree I do
n't know how you see it now there are more
things I will do more things
How how have you done man
and they take out your children again no no let's
see the type of public of anuns that I don't
know if you share it with them Juan
every time every time
every time Lans quotes me a tweet We have already
talked about it many times every time
I sit down a tweet are
interactions of the stick
your children always your children always fall
with who these people hang out man I
don't know they
seem like
forera it's that I can't get the chat man but wait a second leave me for a second they have no argument and they have to get involved I had seen the last tweet from Agustn yes yes yes yes they have shared it all all my admirers But well, having clarified that in the
previous extract I delete the tweet okay or rather I
think it has been more than clarified and
whoever understands it wrong and whoever doesn't
want to understand, well, have whatever  in
the mind okay it
is repulsive to put your children Javi
well well now I'm going to show them
now I'm going to show them what it's about what
the attack was okay Already out of
part okay out of part of the whole
context Javi Look WhatsApp out of part
of the whole context that I have given you I don't know
if there is someone he tuida much cringe
Javi Yes yes yes can give everything you
want that I
look but I
'm happy that I have stopped sweating I
swear to my mother that I have never been
so hot in my life really it
is never my but I run over there I try
now if I don't see it where Luis Padilla
crazy just gave away 100 after
this let's see normal you know no obviously
them Juan because I Juan hasn't told me
anything tesa I mean it has nothing to do with it and that's it
Nothing happens okay I understand
that Giovanni knows about the subject or anything like
that okay total The Movida
The Movida is that
all the people who hate me have gotten together and there
are not few okay to
try to turn the tweet and
transform it into what they
wanted okay I'll say it I mean like
whoever saw any whoever saw
any sexual intention in that tweet or
whatever Well maybe he's just
lacking something in his head okay
or he has that lack in life and all he
thinks about is sex okay the tweet might be
cringe worthy And all But he doesn't deserve to be
threatened or whatever What the [ __ ] okay it
's like that yo's friend Juan okay that
was Juan's friend that I understand
that everything that what has come to us
late I understand that they have
promoted it between Lans the Agustn 51
trussy no that I don't remember what you
're putting me on the chatsy but I don't
remember that let's see they're the whole group
of people that in some way you with them Juan you
have sympathy man as far as I know
yes as far as I know if he understands me I mean
but even if he didn't have it the
last thing he would do would be attack the girlfriend
Although there he was the guy like ass the
but really if it's that the one
who knows me knows or rather the one who
knows me knows  there is
no more, he who is hungry has bread
thinks if I remember correctly he says like that the
tweet is worth whatever But well if there is
someone I'm going to remove the
notifications now okay if there is someone
who finds the tweet bad or whatever it is
really I mean I'm sorry I didn't
have that intention And the thing is that I can't
say anything else if it's that I didn't have it or I mean I
can't tell you anything else Okay, no
more okay What I think Is that
all those who want to
take advantage of anything to throw my
[ __ ] have gathered here but well I don't care, I
honestly think it's very strong
but that's it Okay It turns out that he
wasn't the first one that of course it's that of
course he has taken and he has
Wait a moment because the announcement has
the faith accustomed that he goes blocking no
and unblocking us It depends on how he
gets up that day okay but he's very scratched his
nut because we have exposed something
that sincerely Public that is racist
Well if people think you're
racist anuk It will be because you are without more I mean if it's that
those who criticize the most
are the ones who have to keep quiet the most or rather
literally they are the ones who then have the
most little things  to
hide But well, let's see,
let's see and you tell me if
because I think he has started to no, no,
okay, look, look,
retweet, he shared my tweet
saying, retweet in follow light, infojob
okay, quoting me, tweet and people tell him,
well, what's wrong with the tweet, no And
he says, my bro, he's calling me racist and he
takes out the most absolutely
objectifying Twin to get
three retweets, I mean, you're literally
racist, you
're literally racist, but it's not my
fault, dude, of what you
post, I'm to blame for what I post, I'm to
blame for
what I post, but it's not my
fault, my son, if you start calling
people from Mexico monkeys, well, you're
racist, okay And also, then I saw the
whole click that we put it on the
video on the main channel and you do
n't ask for forgiveness because it's a joke, you put yourself and there was the joke going on saying, no, yes, there are many monkeys in Mexico, tall, short, fat, there are many animals in Mexico,
are you racist, dude, what's wrong with
you being  canceling for being racist you're
racist I don't care The threat and all the
[ __ ] you want to throw at me on Twitter I
mean, just because they hit me, okay, sending people to hit me doesn't make you less racist, okay, I mean, okay, if you feel proud of this tweet, okay, look, it says can you explain why the tweet is objectifying And he says in the
context of Amuran he throws the
joke at Joan, it's objectifying to
choose he refers to Maxi or Murang as
if they were objects and make them
compare them Rodrigo a kiss Rey, I
'm not putting Maxi and Morn in yours at any
time as if they were
objects, okay, at no point in the tweet, at
no point on Twitter am I
putting it as if we were objects,
I'm comparing them as people as
people as internet characters,
okay, I mean, like, who do you fall
in love with more? Yeah, if I had
put them as if they were an object, maybe I would have
chosen other photographs,
okay If he didn't like it, I would have thought
before saying, but it's just that, but it
's racist, but it's racist,
okay
that is not a melon
Good night Javi Congratulations on the
trial John I agree that it
is not definitive but it could be a step
forward Have a good exit and
entry of the year
Thank you very much king thank you very much adoku
no idea who this notes is but
Explain to me where this guy is objectifying
Just by asking who you prefer
is that no I mean really I deleted
the tweet because I understand that it can be
misinterpreted and that it can be misunderstood
but it's not that I did
n't have that intention at any
time okay or so it was the
subconscious played now it's not objectifying Haha
But deducing who has a partner
depending on the color of skin or race
like you did in the click that
Javi put you is not racist
or rather literally dude literally
yes You're going to move a lot of people because
I understand that there are a lot of fans on
YouTube who have it in for me and all that
stuff because I've put their
favorite youtubers okay but what
bro But do you pay the self-employed fee now or
not And now this has been the dick I mean I've
simply gone down a
little bit on their TL  and the guy had this dude
I just downloaded a little bit on his TV and
the guy had made some good content on
Twitch and he says no I don't see the problem just
two human beings sharing affection and
love in times of war like the one
we're living in or literally the guy
is telling me that I objectify two
women
no that I don't objectify her
literally and The guy has this tweet
okay Let's
see let's see more things than what they've
posted to me Well I responded to
this Hi racist can you tell me at
what point I have objectified some of the
two or are you going to post another tweet
making fun of the ETA attacks
literally okay let's see a little bit of the
response from your people okay because the
response from your people is very important
with the tweet that you posted about Massi and
Amuran I don't think you're in a position to
hide anything from anyone
and I told him friend Cover yourself a little
Cover yourself a little
Javi But what you posted Where is the
bad I don't understand let's see the bad there what
's bad has blocked me
Coward you are [ __ ]
the one who  he objectifies him because he doesn't see in
those two women any reason to
choose between some other two other than
the totally physical one let's
see if the bad thing is not the bad thing let's see
I understand that it can be misinterpreted
or something like that it's that he's a [ __ ] idiot
Well here they have put
Javi's girlfriend retuir and they amurai
as if I were going to be offended let's see it's that
literally if they put this about Lorena I would
n't have been I would
n't have been offended sincerely
So if we put something like that with Auron and
Ibai you are objectifying them both a bit Yes
surely well It depends on who
puts it
depends on who puts it but
personally look here they have tried to
hurt me
with this and it's like it is literally well
no and less when we are within
the context that she amurai was
choosing who she would sleep with and not
sending photos
man [ __ ] how [ __ ] disgusting the
chat is today no that I know it has stopped no it can't be
done directly calm down
these people always fall no let's see if I
this I mean the thing about the progressives
insulting me and all that is something that I have already  I have it's a
shame but I have it
normalized, like every time they have
a little table, okay, every time they
announce and make these types of comments, they
throw bad people at me and they are always
the same type of people, they are people who make
me look like [ __ ], [ __ ],
autistic, Perez and messing around especially
with my wife, my son, and the
children, okay, I have
it normalized, I mean, it's a shame
but it's that I have more or less assumed it,
okay, every time these people
quote me, Well, the attacks are always the
same, but man, the thing about
the threats, I
already see that as this was a silly one,
Javi, but the thing about the threats to
blow my head off, I see it a little bit bad, I
see it beyond, I do
n't know if I explain myself. I don't know, I don't know how
you all see it, but today the chat doesn't
appear on my screen
and it's like super bugged. Today
you start criticizing everything that gives you
money,
Luque, what do I put on, that they mess
with the children, Lucas? Ah, there are
people like that coming, not to the chat, okay,
their people are totally disgusting  dude it doesn't make
sense
This is a girl
who puts me a table the tweet okay this
girl apparently works in class and
Sport I don't know what it is okay but
she's a Twitch streamer I'm going to report her
and they go report her and they go report her on
Twitch please
Report Ivan please I don't know who this
is elensita okay And she says to me
Who is the most [ __ ] [ __ ] I
mean are you going to compare the tweet that I have
posted extra and they amuran with this Who
is the most [ __ ] [ __ ] Javier iveira or
Javier iveira
and I have put I don't know who the [ __ ] you are Do
you realize that in my tweet I don't
disrespect anyone and you however I do
Oh well and then the girl has
tweets like This okay dude on Tito there are
very beautiful people eh but a lot I
mean there are Pea who were born with a
[ __ ] legendary skin
surely if we start looking on their
Twitter
we will find it well This is another one okay
this is one who has been bothering me all [ __ ] afternoon that
if my son that if
the  custody of my son Oh put the
live on the other screen to read the
chat Let's see I'm reading it there in
small when I'm watching the obs
but it's not showing up like it should, it does
n't fail okay
Twitter This is a guy who was walking around all
afternoon okay calling me a
[ __ ] I look like the chocas I don't know
what okay And
you start looking at his TV a little bit
and he's calling a
Latin American a monkey let's
see a monkey what you are for coming
from Latin America your food It tastes good because
every time you go to buy it you risk getting killed anyway it
literally
couldn't be any other way the
anug audience let's see people who come to support
nug how are they going to be racist I mean if there are
n't more
if there aren't more
if there aren't more Let's see who who the
[ __ ] is going to support those same ones are
calling you fascist Javi yeah yeah yeah but if it's
the same progressive hypocrisy as always
Who's going to defend the new one well then
racists
if they also look at the tweet food of
food  of poor leper
wow wow
this is tremendous you know The guy starts
telling me Javi is against the
Twitch rules to do String on YouTube and
Twitch the guy tells me what is
against the rules and what is not and then I
reminded him this is that I can't become
self-employed literally I mean I do
n't know how much they'll fine me But I
prefer to get fined I mean it doesn't make
sense I mean I make 500 and now I
become self-employed I earn 300 it doesn't make sense I
'm screwing myself it's that I can't become
self-employed
to do what I prefer to get fined they'll
fine me But I prefer to get fined that I
mean it doesn't make sense I mean I make
500 and now I become self-employed I earn 300 it doesn't make
sense Chad you're [ __ ] me it's
not a progressive is worth a progressive of what they
want them to open a
YouTube union and things like that is worth a
progressive who is criticizing me for the
Twitch rules does not know the rules of
Spain my son I don't find it funny
either that  take half away, I don't find it
funny at all, but it
's that or you leave Spain, you go with the
monkeys that you call monkeys,
typical progressives don't want to pay
taxes. Of course, but the guy, on
top of that, you don't do it, don't say it
live, my son, I
mean, on top of that, you don't want to do it, don't
say it live, with those
balls and that peace of mind. I mean, I'm
not going to be self-employed, it makes no
sense that I earning 500 and paying 300. Oh,
welcome, welcome, that's what we fascists have
been criticizing for
years. Of course, of course, oops, your ball, man,
these people shouldn't be trusted
at all on their word and they have
absolutely no criteria, I mean, they do
n't think about what they say, they
just say it for show and
all that, you know what I mean. But apart from that, you have to
be stupid to even say it. I
prefer to get fined,
this is like someone who commits a crime. And he
says, Well, I
prefer to commit it, okay, because some
bad things happen and they catch me. If some bad things happen, if they
catch me, then it's a fine or this is
it. That's it.  I prefer to be fined, that's it,
and I would tell you that I took the clip out of
context,
and I will tell you that I took the clip out of
this is one, no, I don't know who it is, but he is
followed by a lot of people and he is a streamer, okay, I do
n't know who it is, I will report it on
Twitter, also on Twitch, whatever he says.
Because this man seems to me that they have
closed several accounts for the same thing
because he put twist on me, insulting me,
threatening me and that kind of thing, okay, what a
tweet banner
Javier Merry Christmas to your children And he says Don't mess with minors, coward, and he answers because you say so, I don't know if this man knows what he is doing, what a banger, I don't know what wanger means, but he says, what a wenger tweet Javier Merry Christmas to your children and he
tells someone don't mess with
minors and he says because you say so, I have
never messed with him in my life, with him
in my life. The only thing I have done is
report if they have put something else on me, they have
already taken custody from you, greetings to
him,
I don't know if he knows the consequences of
those things, but anyway, each one there
is  since pixie and it doesn't work for me, I
missed you pixie pixie
will support the threats no because you're trying to
divert it as if the whole problem was due to
nuk the truth is that your tweet has
upset a lot of people of all fandoms
and colors ASSUME
pixie I don't know if you've seen that the
first few minutes of the live stream were
assuming it
pixie you are Another like laserland that
if Dallas or I criticized Jos
bretn you would see a way to say that we
really went too far with him I mean you have
just enough neurons to get through the day I mean
literally I started the live stream
assuming I'm not
asking eh
you have assumed everything you've posted on
the daily forum and all the slander you
do And all those things
literally yours is I mean the live stream has
literally been assuming it in the
first place I don't
know what live stream you saw
but oh well yes
no I'm diverting everything to
no I mean I'm pointing out that the tweet
was not for this they have taken custody
of your children I mess with the children
because I feel like it
you see this this harassment you see it well  pixie, so do
you think harassment is better than
me posting a tweet that I could skate with
a tweet,
so do you think the tweet seems worse to you,
what you're reading, I'm
telling you, so the same thing as with the laser,
now we can go out and criticize Jos
Bretn that you're going to take the other side
without further ado.
Well, here I also apologized
publicly and I've explained it on Twitter, I've
explained it like a thousand times, okay, the
last thing I would have done would be
sexualize anyone's girlfriend, and
you know it, especially not that of a guy
I know and I don't dislike him, I wanted to continue the
joke these days knowing that
people would vote in favor of more and because she's
the [ __ ] boss and not because they amuran that she's a
liar, okay,
the first few minutes have been
justifying, not assuming that
nobody believes you anymore Javi, just your chat pixie, that
nobody believes me. That's what
you and the people you
hang out with would like, for when the time comes to
talk about people who have kept a
dog that isn't theirs, about people who lose
lawsuits and things like that, to
convince that I have no credibility
so that they can justify themselves  that kind of thing is
worth it from the people that you defend but no, I
mean this is something that people
will forget tomorrow they will only remember
The kid who has the trial with me
without further ado
understands me I
mean you don't believe me in what the
beginning of the live has been
justifying what I mean if it is that the
tweet No if it is that the tweet also had
nothing serious
no don't ban Nica leave her
but it's that without further ado like that is what
you and your group would
like me to not have
credibility so that when things happen you
know what I'm telling you
try to make sure that people don't give it the
importance that it has
and nothing more I mean and nothing more you are so autistic
that you have had
nothing and thank you very much you are so autistic that you have
had to comment on everything that
this kid has said and others who have
made inappropriate comments to the point
of this clown I sincerely believe that
you are
an obsessive sick person who only does
is try to justify what he does
this absolute disgusting guy
anyway I think that there is little more no I mean I
think that there is little more that needs to be put
here no I think that who has had that
I  I think he had to give himself away
as he is and not from further ahead.
Let's see a few answers to
this.
I hope he keeps his word. The threat
is telling you little, clown
Javi, you are disgusting and pathetic, you're
asking for it by disrespecting
someone's partner in that way. I hope they
find you. I hope we'll
celebrate. Everyone here is
completely crazy, these people are
well, that's Christopher defending myself, I don't
know, I mean literally these people are the ones who
are against bullying for
Mental Health, I don't know, I don't know how much, the
normal thing is that they don't hit you every time, the
normal thing is that they don't hit you every time they
see you on the street,
clown,
but what do you expect his friend to say
when you've objectified his girlfriend. Although he
had objectified his girlfriend, which wouldn't be the
case either. Well,
I hope he catches you, honestly, I'll
tell you how it goes. I
hope they pull your teeth out, it
doesn't surprise me with my friend and you [ __ ] out
teeth for a month like I'm telling you,
Javi's children
are from the laserllen community, the
children  from Javi as seeing how his father
pays more attention to sellout kids
than he
has told them little you have a good cake he
deleted it Well delete your idea and
WhatsApp has reported you I
will tell you how the case continues but
come on I see it strong I see it strong I
mean if you look at the messages that
pixie has posted something else
justifying threats
incredible
I have a question about the channels all the
objectives of the gossip will comment on this
Well I don't know I don't know
But well speaking of talking about the
top gossip channels I have another thing
to comment on before I go okay it turns out
that yesterday It
turns out that yesterday I
realized
something Where is it Ah okay here It
turns out that yesterday I realized dude
something that I hadn't realized I did
n't know
And that is that Win michu had given me a
strike on Twitch
in May
and I don't know why I hadn't realized
this I mean I don't know if it's when it's that I
don't understand how strikes and
copyrights work on
Twitch I mean I don't know how it works the
truth is
that I would unite the past if that tweet is posted by
another streamer  but more dear they would
unite it founded the same
I've seen people I've seen to see
leaving the subject already parked but I've
seen people put really serious things
and not that and
there they are And they invite him to series and things
Mr. bottles I have no
idea about
[Music] I
have no idea how
the thing about strikes works on Twitch but I don't
know why I didn't find out about this I do
n't know how how I didn't find out in
fact I realized yesterday playing around on
Twitch and I get a screen okay
Ismael prego such and such has filed a
copyright complaint against you okay it
's very strange because it tells me the date of the
complaint December 31st 1 I don't know what that
means honestly I think it's
wrong but
then I looked it up I put Ismael prego in
the search bar box
of my email and it
came up and I found the email of when
I'm getting the strike and it's in May okay
and I hadn't realized dude Twitter is
full of requests more and see their
amourant person shrugging
if I think  that in fact I put it for
something like that Anika
but if it's literally Yes let's
see so that you all enter, the thing about
me being canceled is
based on people Look who has shared the
tweet trying to turn the
meaning of the tweet around I think the
laser Agustn 51
annu who has unblocked me to
do it the cross and this one that I think
is from the little group not from Progress I don't
know that literally we literally
know Where all that comes from
is the community of those affected by Javier
Oliveira yes yes
Luis Endera has also shared the
tweet don't [ __ ] with me
don't [ __ ] with me at all lie but look at you
Agustn let's see sharing the tweet
look at you Agustn sharing yours
it's like but man
Ah that Agustn has dedicated 12 minutes to me
[Music]
Juan Guarnizo defends Javi
and exposes Agustn 51 let's
see this
outside of now that of course I have
deleted the tweet and I apologize because I
understand that it can be misinterpreted and it has
been a mistake that has not been
funny okay I assume it  I assume it I mean I'm
wrong too, okay, in what there is, I mean, like I'm
wrong okay but being able to
talk to with and I Juan and with more and at
some point later at night okay
But apart from that yours had nothing
Javi the haters that they have give a bit
of an atmosphere then they are the first to
complain that you make videos or
false harassment no no but let's see who is
justifying what happened today on
Twitter It seems incredible to me, I mean because
what happened today on Twitter,
I do consider harassment, bullying
and all that, I mean, it has literally been
thousands of people threatening to
hit me Okay and blow my head off
thousands of people
putting all kinds of insults on me and
now well, well, it's even that it's
incredible no I mean, like I didn't just
show it okay But now the tweet didn't
make the sense that it had
and it didn't stop and
the tweet wasn't that bad either okay Who shared the
tweet by giving it the
context that they wanted to
cancel me okay
the tweet was shared by Agustn 51 the
laserlem
annu that I  has removed the block
just for that he
throws demagoguery Yeah, what a way to
be demagoguery when they are threatening to
blow my head off no, I mean, those who
have shared the tweet are people that I have
put at some point, they are
angry They are angry and want to
turn it around as if I were the
same [ __ ] as them no friends okay, I mean, not
literally No now let's
see what Agustn has said
But look, whatever happens, whatever happens,
my tweet will never rise to the level
of racism danuge okay, it will never rise
to the level of come on, the harassment that
laser len does, it will never rise to the level of
the ways and the way of being of Agustn
51 okay, I mean, literally no I mean it
could have been a very Boomer tweet
Well, yes, I am already very Boomer I mean, I have
screwed up it can be misinterpreted in my
head Sonora, funny and Cool and no and no
and it did not come out Cool okay But now from
there to them wanting to blow my head off,
step on, I don't know how to mess with my children and
Lorena and others or I will see it later or
going too far okay I see it as going too far but
anyway
laserln Agustn all these no the
turns that you want to give it the tweet that
I put no matter how bad it is will never be
at your level
No matter how much you want to take advantage of it the
tweet will never be at the level of the
things that you do without more okay
without more let's see Agustn 51 has posted here you
have the normal south who is dedicated to
judging people on the internet
24 to 36 let's see it
a hat a Christmas hat very handsome very
handsome okay now yes I go
on Twitter I
reload I see tweets from close circles in
fact rare from people who are
from close circles man obviously I would
know them and they are well-known people I do
n't do it because I would never do it
no blank I'm going to say that a
tweet from a close circle of someone well no
I'm not [ __ ] in fact that's
why the principle of being liked no
Likewise I start seeing tweets Many
tweets and I say What happened what
happened what happened what happened and they
start to quote a Twitter account
that sounds familiar to me and I had it  blocked I say
[ __ ] this is what I don't like Well The
kid is this kid who threatened to
sue me because I
Thank you very much I threatened to sue you and
you [ __ ] yourself eh Because you
would consult with a lawyer and you knew that you
would have paid me eh Agustn I mean But you
would have paid me literally eh there I
had what I had done I have already
forgotten and everything had said
very directly that he lived or
had accused him of living off
psychological abuse of other people which if
you feel like touching his dick and you
feel like it or you are very bored in your day to
day life or you have absolutely nothing to
do then
[Music]
no I cannot report it but not because I
am bored or because I feel like it I
can report it because you cannot
slander I
mean you cannot slander what you
do is slander and evidently you
consulted with a lawyer surely and he
told you to take a picture and delete it and
apologize to him live because because you are going to
pay him you are going to
pay him she is hot and I am 34 years old  it's
a shame that not many people understand
your humor you always make me
smile keep going crack I love you gesture I
can't I can't I can't do
much more do it really I, I, well nothing
I started straight the next day I say
Well this kid feels like touching my
dick let's change what I said
okay I take this back but I do confirm
that he seems like a vermin to me I didn't say it just like that
Lie lie don't act like a cocky one
now don't act like a
cocky one now because no eh Don't act like a
cocky one now because you tucked your tail
between your legs and you asked for forgiveness you asked for
forgiveness you said you don't like
the content I don't know what but you didn't say it like that
because what I think and no not such Well
then well look what he tweeted today The
kid who is dedicated to judging
other people
Well what what what he tweeted what he
tweeted today very very coherent
really a person with a
very sound head the truth is
sincerely also remember that this
kid is Family Guy he will already have like
almost  40 years old I don't know and
I don't care and I'm not going to investigate it
But very very coherent very or rather it
shows Thank you god it shows a
very furnished little head with
principles and roots quite but
quite positive for society
today currently and that
truly I If I had to choose
on the internet about a person from whom to
perceive collect information and
indoctrinate myself according to their personality The
truth is yes I mean the truth is almost
100% I would choose Javier Oliveira
responsible for the tweet that you are seeing right now
on screen comparing more
and amuran as if they were two funko pops or
as if they were completely
directly two Bratz dolls
Javi I looked on Twitter and I was
shocked to see the amount of
nonsense they say to you for no reason I
admire your patience kisses churra
face throwing a kiss I did
n't know that this one was also progressive
now not I mean progressive that is offended
by Ah they are
literally objectifying women Twitter is literally full
Twitter is full of tweets
in fact come on I mean look get into the
get into the  answers from ibai
asking for the thing of the evening Who do you
want to see at the evening and literally
There's a lot of your daughter like that no
more retweets and laia murn okay or so what he's
doing is like I've already humiliated him and
left him on the ground a few
times
trying to turn it around and translate it
to turn people on me To take
advantage of the bug Well okay okay
I accept it okay so here you have him
very intelligent really this
kid has all the appearance of
spending in neurons his body the truth is he
has all but all all the
appearance of being a very intelligent kid
super gifted surely it's not a
joke this kid was promoted in
grade because he's gifted no In fact, if you
get very good grades they give you an
honors degree and you pass a grade
because you say No, it's not that he's very
intelligent Well I think that's how it is so
guys once again the truth is that I
recommend everyone who is
watching this Stream to take Javier
Olivera completely seriously Of
course because the one with the most
furnished head is the one who screams like a
madman Because a child does not  mute even if it's
a character XD but
literally what he's trying to do is
okay, like yours has been like that, do
n't take it seriously anymore okay,
every time he criticizes me okay, what they
want to do is like okay let's take
advantage of this so that every time he
criticizes me it's no longer valid
okay
every time he criticizes me it's no longer valid what
javibeira says is no longer valid No let's see,
well OK, take all his opinions, pay a
lot of attention to him because he's a
very intelligent guy, I really recommend him to you
a lot, in fact, I
subscribe to his channel every month, I
watch all his YouTube videos and I agree with
him in the
comments box because he is sincerely one
of my greatest references in society
when it comes to being completely [ __ ],
then he teaches me exactly the
opposite of what I have to be, which is
also very important in life, you have to
have references
to become like them and you have to
have references to avoid at all
costs under any type of
circumstance ending up having 5% of
the mentality or the interest that
some people have, I see it like this, I
really see it like this from  that I've
grown
Agustn Mira I could enter into the same
disqualifications that you do like the good
little [ __ ] that you are okay I understand
that you make a living insulting
people No. I make a living
commenting on your controversies okay But
stop acting like a moralist okay you and
your friends
came to the gossip channels like
me or Jairo blog to send us the video of
Marina yesterday making out with the other
guy whose name I don't remember
to expose her Okay then you
shove the moralism up your balls if you
have something to tell me if you have something
to tell me Come to a live show Come to a
live show with me okay come a live show
with me and tell me here okay it seems to me
that you have just enough neurons
to get through the day you are the one who
has just enough neurons to get through the
day it's you okay that you try to be
moralistic on some occasions
but then you are the most rude that you
can put your face to
Okay when you want to tell me something
come to a debate and we talk about a little
folder that I have here with your things
and then you show me  give
people lessons on what to take
seriously and what isn't worth it you and your friends
when you were prisoners okay
Greg's pet you and your friends
sent us the video of Marina yesterday
making out with another guy to
expose her so what are you doing here now being a
moralist that if I'm
comparing the two of them here as if she were
a trophy or anything I'm comparing them
as more or less beloved internet characters
who are you staying with if I
had wanted to expose her in a
physical way I would have chosen two other
photographs that exist okay at no
time I would be disrespectful to Maxi
because I think she's a charming girl at
no time the other one no the other one is a
liar okay
at no time okay you want to
take it out of context to remove my
credibility when I expose your
[ __ ] and that of your friends
perfect you can play the cards you
want but whenever you want Agustn
okay If you're not as scared as
when I went to report you okay because what you
did was a crime what you did
was the crime of slander that's what
you do what you do for a
living  slander people while you
make money Okay so if you have the
balls come to a live show with me and I'll
talk to you about whatever you want and about whatever problem
you
have with me, the problem I have with you,
whenever you want and wherever you want
Agustn come here and explain to me what's
wrong with that tweet that you're not going to
do it that you're not going to do it because you're
a jerk You only have the balls to
hit the microphone and the desk
okay But when they're going to report you you
start whining because consulting
a lawyer and you knew that I would have
stuck my whole [ __ ] up your ass that's why you
asked for forgiveness because if not your
ego doesn't allow you to ask for forgiveness and don't
act like a cool guy that you asked for forgiveness with your
tail between your legs
because you would have paid me
and I knew it
now I regret having given you the
opportunity dude now I regret having
given you the opportunity It always happens to me It always
happens to me It
always happens to me dude I regret
giving him the opportunity dude
if I had caught him in court
and  I would have been a puppy dude I
would have been a puppy it
seemed equally important to me to
have people that I try not to
look like but it is true that I need to
rescue certain lexical points certain
points of mentality of thought
because they seem very positive and
beautiful to me and then I also have on the
other side on the other page I have my
references to which the less I
can appear I think that I can do
better in my life in my day to
day life and for now the truth is that with
half the years that this guy has I think
that the guys completing me are doing
much better in my opinion I create
content without caring about what is
happening on a day to day basis I earn my money
and I bought a house for my parents
which is my only goal in life
really at the moment that I
paid that down payment I said I can die I
can jump off a bridge my way I don't
need anything else well here you have it
a genius a genius of today I
wanted to show it because [ __ ] then
[ __ ] ballardo No here came the thing about
paying for the house for my parents he earned my
money to me Agustn what the [ __ ] do you know  of
my life
But what the [ __ ] do you know what I
do for a living what I earn what I don't
earn what I paid for if I have a
house if I don't have one
what the [ __ ] but aside from
earning more money
earning more money or earning but
who the [ __ ] are you Agustn move away move away he does
n't know you were ElRubius
Agustn the only thing you're known for
is being Greg's little [ __ ] without more if you did
n't have Greg's little [ __ ] around leaving it really
clean nobody would know you
nobody I
mean it has nothing to do with
the others what the [ __ ] are
you talking about Agustn at what point did you become
known for yourself you became
known for leaving it really clean for
thegrefg
at what point did you grow on
your own dude let's go check out your [ __ ] shitty channel So you earn money you still earn it okay And what are you paying for the house to your parents Of course because you pay 10% taxes okay Agustn you have less views than me on
YouTube and Agustn you've got 5
million you've got  here at 5 million
going up from 5 million it's been
two years I
remember I remember that a year or
two ago we were commenting on a live stream of yours
where I was whining because I was adding
and subtracting 5 million
Agustn you're not doing well
they're more or less there maintaining yourself okay he's
earned a lot of money he's earned
a lot of money you've left it very
clean gres he
leaves it very clean
Okay now with this with this live stream that you've
done throwing [ __ ] surely
Greg will give you another cookie and today he'll let you
eat in the living room
okay
but my goodness but this kid I'm
doing better with double with half the
year But what's wrong with you
But what's wrong with you my son
if you were almost crying on the
live stream asking me for forgiveness
nominated for being the best son of the year
at the slam no but yes they literally
gave him an award at the link for
yelling and for hitting the desk I
mean literally what have
you done in your life
what is your
What what is your merit I mean you're
smeared who did you have to  get closer and
you've even made friends with those you've
had to make friends with for no reason I mean,
you're nobody on your own The only thing people talk
about you is when you're causing trouble The
only thing people talk about you when you're causing trouble And
you had to do a live stream because you
slandered me You did a live stream with La
Tegrimita here
and you did a live stream with La Tegrimita
here because I was going to give you the
biggest one in the trial
But I don't understand the point
of joking
The point of joking and let's see that he
has a grudge against me because I humiliated you Well let's
see my son
what do we do okay Juan Guarnizo defends
Javi without going too far in a
very short way When someone from Chale
asks if he saw yours from Agustn he
answers let's
see by
combining it with him I didn't get excited I said let's
see I'm joining this show that isn't
costing me
I'm opening this show that I'm not
enjoying because the show started father you
know an hour saying I am Cristiano
Ronaldo he chocas saying I need to
be here he ibai saying I'm going to
win
Talking about his physical change and how
his body is after a month
right now the show is more like it
started like Oh man and now it's
like people I want to fight too
Hey
who's next in these people man
a hug king
wow
but I'm putting it on the screen
man What community do these people have
what community do these people have man
ah have
a look who's next let's not see it
wait
[Music]
my god man I mean it's the level
the level man when
when we put someone
Okay when we This is the user
Okay when we expose someone
for being a hypocrite because they commit a crime
or something like that okay or
some [ __ ] never never I mean I don't
watch my audience
and the gossip channels never
comment on things at this level of people
take a screenshot in case they delete it no they
can't delete it it's a md
wow
what I'm seeing today is amazing
here eh I mean this These are the
community that was giving the anuns the
other one that threatened me and the Wow and
this Agustn's Let's see  let's see
who's next let's see who's next this is what I
'm living I mean today it
's like
what I'm living seems surreal to me and it's
seeming surreal to me
Yeah well let's see and me Juan Nexus carolan
Ricky
anyway
mother of God
internet
everything wow
But who who are these communities
man
Agustn 51 of course I haven't seen it I haven't seen it it's
like Agustn is not
verified because it's not relevant I haven't
seen it
Agustn 51 was there I do
n't realize let's
see
well it's that I don't pretend he's 51 Agustn
51 of course
Agustn 51 of course Wow man but I mean what I
'm seeing today in these
communities and in these people
[Music]
is leaving me totally amazed
the yo Juan chat is really leaving me
surprised I insist eh I understand that the
click that the click that I put could be
unfortunate it could be misinterpreted
that I understand eh And I have deleted it
and I have apologized but I do
n't know that I don't see it as that big of a deal I mean
even if it had been the intentions that
they want  transform it that I wouldn't even
see it as that much Likewise, I mean, I don't
even know How many times, I mean, I don't even know
How many times kids can come up with a
thousand examples How many times have we made
videos and twist and click in which they have
Compared
[Music]
to windy with
to windy with with Ari for example
mother of God
eh mother of God what these
people move the tweet is from brother-in-law but it wasn't that big of a
deal
Honestly if I were an influencer I would be
ashamed to have that kind of fandom
But what I ask myself is when I see
these things what is it what is it
what values What thing do they transmit on
their channels
What things do these people transmit in their
live shows and in their things I don't
know, really I
see it too much eh I see it too much eh let's
see this one can't be reported
because he's 16 years old they
just sent me a tweet of his he's
my goodness
and then there are these types of people look
you've earned a lot this is one that
interacts even with the newsboy
okay I already know the faces but the guy
follows me I already know the faces and everything is
worth it he
says you've earned  so much hate Javier your
egocentrism narcissism and mockery towards
other communities and defending the
unpresentable Dallas I
mean
then there are a lot of people like this eh that
bring Dallas into the middle like no no no no no
no it's that you for defending
Dallas
man I mean literally I think there is no
contact with the parents if it's possible let's
see there will be a way there will be a way Let's see
let's try to
talk to the kid
how the hell are you going to contact the parents
of this kid Let's see wait
at 16 years old you can report a
person
at 16 years old you can't report him
neither is much going to happen to him being a
minor no
the responsibility is of the parents
Emilio
Guess who's going to spend the end of the year
alone Exactly you because I'll commit suicide
tomorrow anyway
come on I think we're going to leave this
subject eh for today tomorrow things will calm down
I imagine
[Laughter]
look at that man look at
this look at this look at this what I'm
going to show you now
Brandon Thank you very much king
And now what Well nothing Well
nothing but it
's Comanche you don't let's see the only
difference let's see  mine was this way mine
went this way yesterday the lady today
this and the people Keep thinking that going to
therapy is bad woman with her hand on her
forehead
but today has been tremendous me that
when I woke up to see first when
I woke up
first when I woke up and
Victor fuss of course he thinks I was going for
the Lans issue And these guys no so I
thought well they've changed they've
taken the bait and that's it okay
I want to feel your body but now about the
issue of Lillo's friend Juan I've
been there I said well
Okay well see you in court what are you
sending me razel
another hoax they're saying that if
Raquel has problems with us
we weren't putting in any effort In fact I
spoke with Olga this week with Moreno
and she was very close to
collaborating too But her mother is pachuchini she
was in Seville and I understand that
right now she has to be taking care of
her mother which is the first thing okay
Olgana wanted to appear on your channel
Olgana wanted to appear on her channel
my mother
I'm like disappointed man I'm like
disappointed  with this
I'm like disappointed in this
collaborating with him
no Javi We support you fully no but I'm
obsessed with the issue of really
what a shitty society I
mean I don't know if it's true that I've
said it many times It's
noticeable but let's see I understand that I've
said it many times I mean the
majority of the population is like that
eh Why do they throw you with the subject of your
children because they are I mean they always follow the
same profile If you notice since
2019 they always throw the same profile
the profile is insulting women
children racism
getting into issues of autism and things
like that also you know
why for these people being a good
father is being at home all day without
working it doesn't matter I mean it doesn't
matter it
's the profile they have they are harassers they
are harassers dude they act like
harassers I don't
know I don't know well we'll see if
tomorrow or the day after you know
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] [ __ ] about my chat
if you want it they also call you gay and
then homophobic yeah yeah
but it's the majority of society it's like that
eh if you notice for example in
lans this only has
only has this repercussion in the
tweets when it's against me because it
's like they join together you know I'm
going to tell you
before seeing the video of cape or I'm going to
tell you about wismichu man that no what I did
n't tell you that it turns out to be man
but I have the tab open here
to put you
in situation
there I had it but I lost it No I don't have it
here It turns out that yesterday I
realized man but I mean I hadn't
realized it's
this chat in the end they think there are more who
criticize you let's see the chat it's
a little bit messy today eh No you,
the chat doesn't appear to me in the obs I'm
seeing it there in small but it
gets stuck it gets stuck
and you hit high let's see La Movida that I
have no idea how
copyright works and the issue of strikes on
Twitch and I was there freaking out because I
realized that wismichu had
given me a strike on Twitch, I
mean literally I do
n't know why I didn't realize this I don't
know how strikes work in I do
n't know  how I don't know how
strikes work on Twitch and the copyright issue if there is
a single legitimate one there isn't I have to
investigate it either I don't think I'll
complicate my life too much with this because you
already know that you and I have it like Well
there it is no but
I'll be careful with the wismichu clip issue
and that's it, I mean because
because this man is always
censoring when people talk about him and
when you put and so on what I wonder
is if after what I'm going to
tell you all the same ones will come out who were
very outraged with the
Dallas strikes let's see if they come out to get
outraged with this I prefer YouTube a thousand
times No me too but well I
have it there something like something extra
okay I
have it there as something extra okay
But well we will be careful with the
wismichu issue, there it is Javi it is better not to
talk about wismichu anymore it is not relevant No yes
already but you will see that this is from May, I mean it is
from May because I was looking at it and in
the notification that I put on
Twitter in the notification it says
December 31st of 1 I don't know what
that would mean okay And then I had a pulse first  in
your and I deleted it because I don't I don't I don't
remember the email the email address that
was there I say [ __ ] let's see if it's not going to be
really good michu and it's someone
impersonating the identity no but no it hasn't
been wismichu it has been really good I mean he
gave me a strike for this video I mean
when we reacted to the
koi issue which in fact we all talked about it I
mean do you remember when wismichu got
angry because he wanted to go to I mean They
invited him to a premiere of I don't
remember a movie it was Disney and they
kicked him back to a corner of the to
a corner of the cinema him and his three
guests because they had to put the
koi guys ahead of the koi team well that's
live and he gives me a strike
man that's why it's like I don't know I saw I
saw the extract I say let's see what I say
there that it burns him because normally
when he gives you a strike it's something that he
wants to like censor hide or something like that
but it
's not like he says much about him let's
see the only thing he's there
whining because Disney  He
invited and had a relationship with Disney,
what I'm saying there in the clear, let's see is
that you are one of the founders of you
Planet date with a stone in the teeth
that thanks to that, even today
you can have this type of relationships and
things, no, I imagine that wismichu
when these Disney promos come out and
so on, I imagine, eh, maybe I'm
wrong, eh, but I imagine that
his position in his Planet must have something to do with it, I mean, I
don't think it's because of the numbers, you
understand, recur it, it's that I don't know how
the tweet thing works if you tell me YouTube,
yes, I understand perfectly, but come on, I'll be
careful with this, that's it, I don't know if it will
expire, I don't know how it will go. This is okay, but I'm
already telling you that I didn't even realize it was
yesterday or that I'm configuring my tweet channel, I don't
know what the hell I had, I don't know what the hell I was
configuring that suddenly I saw myself, I saw
this screen and I said how do I have a
copyright strike But why is this and
I see Ismael Ismael prego no and the other
last name that I don't know if  the public or I don't
think so but well he crosses it out just in
case and it's like But what's
wrong with this man what's
wrong with this man Well he
gave me a strike on Twitch that in my tweet I
have no repercussions or anything man I don't
know it's that I don't even think it's because I do
n't think it's because of censorship or anything
because I talk about this everyone on
YouTube has been simply for going to
screw up and do harm you know like going to
screw up someone's work it's not like
But because you put a strike I mean
literally it's something that everyone
is talking about and I think I don't know I don't
understand why you're growing on
Twitch no no but it's that he put it in
May or rather because after seeing this
notification I went to the email I say let's see
if this is going to be wrong bugged or
what and I put the name Ismael
Javi the light attracts sayings and insects and
you are a beacon they will always take advantage of
any false step error or
misunderstanding of yours les harder chest
Thanks checho for your words I'm
very encouraged in these moments
Javi could screw up your account it's  I don't
know if it screws up my account, I don't have to
look at this because I don't understand Twitch,
but of course I understand that this can
screw up your account, no, and if someone else does
whatever I can lose Twitch, no,
Javi Look, how many viewers did you have in
May? Well, look here you can see the capture, I
had 300, more or less like now,
if I have no repercussions on Twitch,
yes, I have no repercussions on Twitch
at all, I don't know what damage it can do to him,
but apart from that, I don't insult him or
defame him in this video or anything, it's
like even in that one or any other,
I haven't defamed him, in
fact. In fact, no, I have never defamed him, you know, it
's just to screw up. I can't think of any other
reason, it
could screw up the account, no,
no, I can't think of any other reason
because I'm not talking about any
sensitive subject, I don't know, so the only thing
I say in the video is that Damn, let them stop
protesting, they're obviously going to
give Koi a better place, we're
talking about the [ __ ] team of Ibai and
Gerar Piqu  okay obviously they're
going to give him a better place than him and
what the [ __ ] he should be lucky that
even today they
continue to invite him to this type
of thing you know I mean no I don't know why
that bothers him so much I do
n't understand the fact that he
gave it so much and nothing Well look a little like
this to get to the 8 minutes I took
a series of clips from people who
really got really angry when
someone puts a star on Twitch okay
look I'll
explain too I think well I don't
know any creator who gives
copyright strikes for watching their videos
on Twitch apart from Dallas and Okay so
nothing Ricky you already know another friend of
yours winnichu
in fact I think you're with him not in his
agency no Well then you know what
his agency does Okay well
michu Okay in fact all my life it's
not the first strike I've had from
wismichu in fact all my life
here he says that Dallas is regrettable
Ah no no no no no he stutters the one who doesn't
insult okay okay okay the stutterer says
that Dallas is regrettable because  tartaga
because he's a big personality on YouTube
and because his gossip is often
interesting but I never react to a
video of this guy again in fact,
guy is worth a lot I show the video and
talk about it but reacting to it is not for nothing
I'm giving him weapons to hit a strike
especially on Twitch which is the
main platform where I work [ __ ] off
that's why I have never
reacted again and I will never
react in my [ __ ] life to
another Dallas live video because I don't
want to get a [ __ ] strike and
be out of work for three days
or a week
[ __ ] brother
Okay conclusions
I am very against what
Dallas did from what you can see I am very
very against it you know perfectly well that
when it comes to defending him you defend him
but there is no way to defend him here dude There
is no way to defend him not
for nothing Even if the cell phone had started
throwing [ __ ] at Louder in his videos it would not have been
justified like that it
would be understandable yes justifiable not for nothing
dude and much less I repeat I want
this to be clear dude everything Oh he just
said it would be understandable  not
justifiable but understandable Ah ok
trix thanks a lot
Well then I think it's childish I think it's
childish I think not the gore
has to do with gore Yes but it's not a
move that's going to explain but I don't care at all
what I
want is for there to be madrazos right and
left the truth is that on the subject
Dalas and the strikes I already have little more
to say about it And the thing is that it's already
lazy and the truth is that it's quite
hypocritical being a criticism channel is
that you being a criticism channel that you
put yourself right and left to give
strikes well what do you want me to tell you it
's a criticism channel the criticisms you
make from the fair use of the use of
Legitimate well man If it itches you scratch it
that's how this criticism works
for both sides Yeah okay Well
then I hope that all these
colleagues I hope
that all these colleagues say the
same thing today about wismichu no or what
you what do you think do
you think they will release their
video today and their criticism of wismichu on the
subject
yes no surely  today they will put The cry
in the in the in
the sky no Yes man sure
if don't question it don't
question it
I'm going to the bathroom a second one
that Lorena is freaking out with the
tweet that I just shared okay
Because it gives the strip video with what you
can stay that you're freaking out Lorena
with the twist This but it's that let's see it's like
yes I mean like it's like like like you
're defending an unfortunate tweet
with this I
mean you
're defending a tweet that may be
unfortunate that I can tell you that there
was no intention or anything No but you
're defending it with this
this what I get to see
from Agustn's followers from
laserland from anuke evidently it's not that
the tweet that I
posted about Maxi bothered you it's that
you're grabbing something because you
're Hoping that I make a mistake or that I
stumble to make up for it you understand
But it doesn't make any sense that you
defend something in this way I
mean you're supposed to be defending
something in that way the
greatest  I wish you a successful 2023 and
everyone in the chat too, a big hug,
the comment is very different, you
objectify and he makes a
completely normal joke,
man,
the @ of the boy,
how are you going to defend something like that, I mean,
you're supposed to be defending
a woman like that, who
is Sonia, what
are you talking about now Sonia,
mother of God,
mother of God, today's fall,
then a bunch of randoms appear here
with 4,000 followers and the
verified one but they are also people,
friends of those people and so on,
that boy is 13 years old, he's 16
but man, if I find the parents, I'm going to
talk to him, with the parents, the truth is,
laser defending women When I say,
[ __ ], what he said about Lorena's Easy pay,
true, nothing, but you know what's
wrong with him,
you know what's wrong with him, he's
angry because he knows that we have
exposed him as the harasser that he is
So he's trying, like, trying to
take something of mine out of context to see if there
's something, At the same level, you know, But they
could die finding something like that,
but well, it's a lot of fabric, it
's a lot of fabric, let's
see, let me  look one thing and we
move on to the next thing I'm
going to talk to the guys I'm going to
say hello can I talk to your parents
no after taking a look she
sends me to touch
there she's already very drunk and you're not that
drunk solution for that you drink two
more drinks
and hands at the time solution the chat
solutions
okay solutions to the problems we have to
think outside the house outside the
box outside the box we have to think
a little outside the box if she's
drunk you owe more and that's it
man for defending what the choca said
how disgusting
when she's very drunk and you're not
that drunk solution for that you drink
two more drinks
and hands at the time solution the chat
solutions
okay solutions to the problems we have to
think outside the house outside the
box outside the box we have to think
a little outside the box if she's
drunk more babies and that's it
[Laughter]
says Chini I think they're
going too far with you be careful really well [Music] I'm a little used to it House is in the chat seriously
how do you know
Javi What  that's the bad thing about your Twin I don't
understand
the bad thing is that they understand it as if I
'm comparing the physical issue
your mistake was Deleting the tweet no Let's see it's
okay to delete the tweet I
understand that it can be misinterpreted
because at no time am I
specifying
the context or anything like that
So yes, everyone will interpret it, they
can take it wherever they want I don't
care about that eh Really,
if you were going to compare the physical you would have put
more provocative photos No yeah, basically
what I said, I mean, but apart from the fact
that it's nonsense, why am I going to
compare the physical, they are two people who
are obviously beautiful,
what nonsense, I mean, no, no, there
's no reason to humiliate either of
them,
look at Twitter, the boy answered you, let's
see
and you tweet me, hahaha, you did exactly what I
wanted, [ __ ] loser,
mother,
but the boy is
Ah, we have the father, let's see, we have the father, we have the
father, we have the father No, it's not the father, it's not the father, I think eh, it's not the father, I think eh, it's
not, I think eh, I don't think we're leaving, I'm
going to save it Just in case, I'll take
a look later But that's  auronplay did
in the past do you remember that auronplay
used to
call the parents of people who
crossed the line, he
's his favorite uncle exactly
Dross did it too
nothing but let's see beyond that we're not
going to give importance to a little kid who
does those things, I understand
to see importance in the sense that what a
fabric or rather they should tell his
streamers no Hey you you man what the [ __ ] is
this no
but it's here I mean the boy is here look at him
the boy is here Hey do you want to upload
House
suck my [ __ ] clown do
you want to upload friend
like yes I want to upload upload where Let's
see haven't you seen haven't you seen
an elevator there have
n't you seen an elevator there House
or speak properly Let's
see we're not going to put ourselves at the level of a
16 year old boy I'm
not worried the boy
says laser commented the other day that I should be
careful because of what you said about
Jos bretn that he can report you So
try it Let him try It can happen to him
like Jean plana
no we're not going to be able to we're not going to put ourselves
exactly we're not going to put ourselves at the exact level
obviously very serious  that he has posted
But well I imagine that he has to be careful
one day if someone reports him because his
father will have to take charge and he will
scold him
I am not worried about the child as much as the
adult who threatened me I see the adult's thing
more I
see the adult's thing as more serious
man let's see the adult's thing I see it strong I
mean yo Juan's friend How old
can he be
30 years old around there
the one who is going to blow my head off
30 to 50
There's the bad part
There's the complicated part he deleted the
tweet but it doesn't matter it is certified it has
already been reported and now Tomorrow
other measures are going to be taken
Ari just responded to the chocas where
Where I was already going I imagine it I
imagine it crazy
if yo Juan tells you not to report it
because or I mean because yo Juan is going to
ask me not to report it minute 1:48 of
his live
because yo Juan is going to ask me that let's see it's that
no I don't see the point let's see if
one person reports you I don't see the
point in another person coming to tell you not to
report it I
mean  if he threatens a person,
very explicit threats, and also
[Music]
So it's not a hothead that he's
put on him on several occasions,
but you yourself told Dallas at the
time, well, and that's why I had to
make a conciliation with Dallas and
pay Dallas three thousand bucks.
Well, let's see, the solution is not, It's that
you did it 10 years ago,
the solution is not that, I had it
saved for you before, no, no, but
apart from that, let's see when something
that you put, something at a time that
I insult you or someone of yours, but
something that is not about you and that
you come to threaten me in that way,
Ari's thing got very based and went for the
jugular, but let's see, that was on
Facebook, on Twitch
where we can see it,
but also, please tell me a minute
because the chat today is not
very fine, let's see, Ari,
see, okay, at what minute 148, but of course
[Music]
does nothing. A moment ago,
but he answers what he answers about the
other day about those who are
River Plate nominees and so on, he
got very based and attacked the jugular
at the end of the day we all have an
opinion, let's
see, let's start a little earlier, no
then, well, I mean, they
take it very personally,
also to say that in fact it
was almost [ __ ] great, I hadn't given my opinion
on this, you touch this 100% Although she denied it
but
[Laughs]
Let's put a red carpet to this
queen please let's put a
red carpet to this queen if Chocan
denied even the Katy Vivi thing until he had
no other choice
if he went for napkins man, I mean,
look at the tweet that Chocan denied
that he had posted from Kate Vip's account,
okay, look at the tweet that Chocan denied
because of course there were some that were fake, they
were surely montages and others weren't.
But if the guy denies the trick
with the smokes, if the guy had the
trick with the smokes,
now he said it without being Katy, he said it
being Chocan,
that Ari is very good, very good. But this is
the same as the good Lola Chiqui thing, I
mean, the  good Lola chiqui
[Music]
Chocan denies it in fact I
remember that I was talking to Aries
this on the phone Chocan no Chocan
denies it Chocal went to the area to tell him no
that I don't know what that it was fake and it's
like But why do you deny something when there are
20 similar ones
if there are 20 similar ones why do you deny something what a
stupid deny good Lolas Chiquis
If anyway he had a lot of
retis and likes that were more or less you
know what I'm telling you in that style
Well now the same thing or rather now the same thing
or rather in his day he messed with IVA and he
messed with Auron who messed with
Mariana that they would never have the same
numbers as him that the number one that the
fans are finding out rat children and I don't know
what and now he has done it from his own
live because it has exploded he has been stung
with the fact that he is not nominated for the airland and his
true face has been seen his
true face has escaped then
his alter ego was always true
exactly and how bad I hope he realizes
I hope he realizes  how bad it is that
no one or anything or whoever it is
can decide who deserves who doesn't
Who wins in the end we all
have an opinion and just like I
told you, for me I want this
person to win but of course I mean we can have our opinions on
everything I can have my opinion that those who are
nominated don't deserve these nominees
from my point of view I mean I can have my
opinion on whatever I want now the
theories that Choque had and the
snubs he had towards his teammates
man
what can I tell you because I've been
saying it for two years
about Choque? is that about Choque?
I've been saying it for two years and today is when they are starting to show their faces to some teammates like Juan like I don't know if Sprint said something but Mariana I think he said something even if it was very lukewarm no but Ari and Juan have never held back in saying what they have to say
Choque
are others who hold back
But well you can have whoever you
want who accompanied you in your year is
whoever you want then
yes very sad very sad how people
obsessed with numbers
at the end of the day they are
people they are people no matter how
old they are whatever they do that
support you however they support you rather It's great that
people who despite having
very large communities, others not so
large that they are nominated anyway
there you realize that it's not even about
how many numbers you have but the affection
that your people have for you Exactly I mean
notice that there are people who are
nominated without having asked to be
nominated because they say well I don't
remember if it was Juan or Mariana I don't
remember who it was that said no but
having sent your community to vote for you
if you haven't been careful to send
your community to vote then now you are
out but the thing is that it's not that
there are the vast majority of kids who
are nominated
have not asked their community to vote
or anything like that they have been nominated
without warning For example cristinini
canegro
many people
moved a lot for you so if you are not
nominated and it bothers you then you should have
invited your people to nominate you
and that's it
Yes but I don't know what it is  gala I don't know them
[Music]
and now it
's all Carla's fault panini
where from behind it's scary because it's
cool this is it It has
n't been short but
concise no
you also asked and you are not nominated
well point number one yes I was
nominated What happens is that they gave me the
finger and point number two I didn't ask for it in
fact there is only one video in the
canijo where I put the thing about voting in case
someone wanted to vote and in the video I ask
more to vote for the south than for me, I
mean really I was nominated by votes
even though he gave me the finger but
by votes I by votes coming out undermined
without asking for it And look it is a
very strange voting system because
surely with the hate with the hate that there is
so that I wouldn't come out and the and the the
effort that there is so that I wouldn't come out the
negative votes that that would have I mean I
would love to know how many real votes
were my nomination How many
real negative and positive votes okay You have to
be you have to have a certain
understanding with the south lives in a
territory where having a certain
bipolarity
No I have not been able to read your entire message
if you asked them to vote for the South What is it
now with the south? I
have no complaint with
the south and the cell phone being nominated, okay,
obviously I think that I think that
these people sponsor them and
mention them and so on, forcing the role because
they suck up to them okay, but
regardless of that, I have no
complaint with them voting for them,
my complaint is that from now on they
behave like Greg's slaves, okay, I
mean, like now, for example, there have
been a lot of notifications,
this category has been
fraudulently and by finger, no
[Music]
and that they shut up and that they shut their mouths,
you understand, I mean, the complaint is not with the
fact that they are nominated. I mean, it
would have seemed perfect to me that they
were nominated and I'm not, in
fact, I did not expect to be nominated at
any time, I mean, for me it was a
surprise. Thank you for the raid, forgive me, I have
not seen it. For me it was a surprise
that
the Buddha with big hair, thank you very much. The
Buddha with big hair  For me it was a surprise
the fact that I had more votes than
those who were in the category,
I didn't count on that at any time you
understand at any time but what I
criticize about Cel and the chuli of
Tartaha is that now that they are
in they are so excited that they keep
quiet about any [ __ ] that Greg does
and they will keep quiet about it for the whole month
because Harry based based very cut you
stay cut you stay I know that you all
like to get into those things but
we are among the few of the few
of the few who are starting to
take a step forward and agree with me
sincerely
[Music]
yes it explains it many times now they do
n't talk not only the whole month It
depends depends Let's
see well I don't have much more desire today it's
that they have taken away my desire to do to
work I swear I mean they have taken
away my desire
Celine gives a strike to the south asks for
forgiveness churre gives it to him gives it to him Dallas
Ah and Dallas bad crazy miniatures
making it crazy let's see  but that's
always going to be not the same as they're not going to
say anything just as they're not going to say
anything about wismichu putting a
stranger on me yes yes I'm going to rest
also tomorrow they have to take my
blood I have to do some tests but they've
really taken away my
desire to work today I'm sad
yes I'm ready the truth is I didn't expect it I did
n't expect what happened today honestly
but we have to see about cape yes
in the Media Vida Forum a guy who is a
lawyer and it seems his name is
called you my mother let's see I
understand that there is an aspect of criticism
there is an aspect of criticism and of the
things that I have to assume being where I am you
know and above all if I'm going to go without
mincing words and without
and without fear let's see if you enter now
for example not under the pressure of these
people let's see It's evident It's evident that
this type of people no if the moderators
of Yo Juan and the friends of Yo before
are threatening with violence then It's
evident that you're going to lose that the followers
who are children and are kids then they are going to
follow whatever it is to what they are
seeing of  their idols no or the friends
of their idols It's obvious like but of
course if you give in now I've
done you Thank you very much
if you give in and fall for the
cooking not like actions between
quotes Okay, well
in the end they get what they want
what they want is to put pressure so that
you don't talk about these people and you know
what I'm saying and you sell yourself more to
the lukewarm
then well nothing I imagine that I'll have to
put up with it and that's it but if it's that you
only have to realize
Who comes out Who comes out to share
the tweet and change the meaning for those
who are angry because they have been left
as what they are in another conflict that they have
had With me no but really if
today it has put a little bit of a damper on me
but I'm not worried anymore not about the fact of the
people because in the end I
'm more than used to the mobs but yes about
this guy who is threatened Because he's
an older guy eh or whatever and I don't know I don't trust
a hair that I can walk around
anywhere like they've taken away your
desire forget about  These people who are the
king of gossip, I can objectify you
Yes, yes, you can objectify me, I don't get
offended, but let's see what the [ __ ]. So
you say that people can do it to you, but a
friend of mine, Juan, you know that I don't trust
going to some quiet event or that
guy, I know, is from Malaga, no, I don't know, I do
n't trust going quietly down the
street anymore,
yes, I mean, they
're making nonsense. Well,
I don't know if my integrity, you know, is in
danger, right? That's why
tomorrow we're going to take more measures
than you think, there are
several things there, you guys, maybe
any lawyer can realize
that there are several things that are going to be
taken, serious measures tomorrow,
tomorrow, or however long it takes to
do it, you know, but yes, yes, that has
worried me a little, to be honest,
that does worry me a little, and yes, I see it as
very strong, you know, we're talking about
people who aren't children, we're
talking about people who aren't children,
eh Javi, report Juan's friend, he's already
been reported to the police station, and now
all that's left is another guy.  of actions
with the lawyer
does well to sue man let's see
being a public figure
has his name and everything is a man
puts it on his Instagram puts his
full name and surname let's see precisely
Yesterday I was saying what was happening with
the cape video what the [ __ ] it
took more than a month to make the video I ca
n't imagine that he will have been
consulting
I don't know racking his brains to figure out
how to do it not until they have
made the script in a way that he can do it
Let's see how he defends himself for
those who don't remember and don't know the
context Well basically they funneled him they
accused him of something very serious or rather they
accused him I would like to start this one they
accused him of sexual abuse I would like to
start this video by explaining a little bit
why he has tried so hard to get the
answer I have seen a lot of people drawing
conclusions from where there are none a lot of
people saying that I am trying to
disappear so as not to come back that I am
trying to make people forget it has
taken me so long to upload this response
because there is a judicial process in
between as I already said in my first
statement we are going to take it all the way
to trial, meaning those accusations are
not the
place for  debate them and solve them, it
's not social media, it's no
use to me to check it here on
social media that the accusations are
false, I'm going to go all the way
judicially in front of a judge before the
law, both parties are going to have the
opportunity to present our case, to
give the evidence that we have and for a
judge to decide, a decision is made on
whether what Maria is saying is true
and I don't want to hinder that process,
my lawyers have asked me to be extremely
careful with what I uploaded to
social media because anything I could
upload could have hindered the
legal process, which is my number
one priority. Apart from that, it also takes so long to arrive
because it's a complicated video to make, I did
n't really know where to start,
honestly, I've recorded it many times, I
've repeated it many times and often
in those in those first versions of the
video I would get carried away talking about
problems we had in the
relationship and I didn't focus on the
accusations,
I responded to the accusations but then the
video lasted 40 minutes and I was
talking about the damage that he had
done to me or things that were quite unnecessary,
so in this video I'm going to get straight to the
point and respond to the accusations one
by one  one because in the end in those videos I was
n't getting anything I wasn't
getting justice I was doing
exactly the same thing back that it's not going to
get anywhere that was going to
turn it into some kind of
public spectacle internet controversy
and that's not what I want to achieve
sincerely that's not what I want to
achieve I want to clear my name I don't
want to generate more controversy
around that issue and get to the
end in the end That was only going to
achieve the opposite of what I
'm looking for which is to clear my name
settle the issue get to the end and for
you to see that these accusations are
simply not real also it's that it
's complicated because of the judicial process or I
mean in the first videos in the
first versions I gave
super detailed and explicit explanations about what
happened and that is they incurred a crime I
was sharing very
intimate details of Mara ma's relationship and I
can't do that no I can't incur a
live if we are going to trial for
something similar Likewise in this
video
of course I imagine he will be
suing her through civil means surely
for the right to honor or violation of
privacy I imagine that  will go there I
think that if you give us spirits it is
more than clear what I am
trying to say and it is clear that
what has been said about me is not true. I am going to
go straight now, no, Maria, we started
dating in 2020, December. I was 17 years old,
she was 16. I turned 17 in March 2021 and we
broke up in 2022, in
March when we both turned 18. It really
bothers me how Maria has portrayed
the relationship in her texts and on
her tiktoks and everything, she has portrayed it as
a relationship in which I was the
problem. I was the person who made the
relationship extremely toxic, even
according to her. Abusive. Because I tried to
sexually abuse her, that is a
super super strong accusation, man,
super super strong,
and we didn't know how to communicate and we
ended up hurting each other. But at
no time did I try to
sexually assault her, and above all, it is not fair that
I have to eat all the
public [ __ ] because it has been made to seem
like I was the problem. I
was what generated this
toxicity in  the relationship and it
simply wasn't like that but well I'm going to
go to the main accusation
which is that I supposedly tried to
sexually abuse Maria during
our relationship at the beginning that is not
what happened that is not what happened at
all on February 26 2021 I invited
Maria to a bar next to my school where she
met my close group of
friends we have been dating for about two months
and I wanted her to meet my
lifelong friends we were at the bar for a few
hours drinking locking ourselves in having a
good time until at one point we decided to
go to my house to spend some
time alone as soon as we got to my
house we went up to my room and
practically as soon as we arrived we started having
sex we
both lost our virginity two
weeks before on February 13 everything was
very new we had no idea what we
were doing and we were trying
many things for the first time the truth is
we do all kinds of things until there
comes a point where we do a
specific position and while we
are doing that position Maria
gets memories of a past
sexual trauma  I involuntarily want to make it
very clear and reiterate that I was not
doing anything out of the ordinary, let's see if
he can get into this, in these
circumstances she could not sue
him for violating privacy in the
sense that she is the one who started it. I
mean, if she starts to talk about
things from her private life and he is
forced to give some nuances
to defend himself, he has no
other choice, there is no
other way to do it, do you understand, nothing
out of place, nothing risqu, nothing
very advanced, I was new to these things, it
was my first sexual relationship.
So you're doing what is usually
done. So we're in this
position and Maria has these
very unpleasant memories of a past,
tra at that moment I didn't know, I didn't
understand what was happening. Maria
tried to tell me at first, I didn't
understand what she was trying to
tell me because of the position
we were in and because of the music that was
playing, I didn't understand. But anyway, no
more than 5 seconds passed when I
realized what she was trying to
tell me and we immediately stopped, not really
intending to continue past, I understand
her desire to stop, I want to make that very
clear  there was no forcing even
when we stopped I didn't get angry I didn't complain I did
n't make her feel bad don't kick her out of my
house I say this and I know it's the least I
know it's what has to be done and I
shouldn't be saying it but the thing is that she's
made me look like someone
who tried to sexually assault
someone when that's not what happened
from the beginning I tried to comfort her
I tried to understand what was going on
because like I said I didn't know she hadn't
told me what had happened yet I
found out the next day Maria was
very upset she was crying and she
ended up going home I couldn't talk
to her I tried to talk to her I tried to be
there for her but she couldn't talk
to me the situation affected her a lot
which I understand I mean I understand
perfectly
you get these memories that are
extremely unpleasant and you go to that I understand it I understand
and I've never
had a problem understanding it I want to
make that very clear from the
beginning to the end of the relationship
I had a lot of respect for the
situation and I understood perfectly what she
was telling me I never put up any resistance I
never  I tried to make it feel like
that wasn't what had happened, never
disability what she had told me, I would always
lower my head and listen to what
she had to say when she left, the truth
is that I was quite confused,
then they continued together after all
this of course, I mean like then they continued
the relationship,
then they continued the relationship for a while, I did
n't understand what had happened, as I
said, she didn't tell me until the
next day, so I thought that I had
screwed up, I thought that maybe
since I don't have much experience with sex, I
had done something that you don't usually do or I
had screwed up, it turned out to be the case the
next day I went to her house we talked
things over, we spent the whole afternoon talking, it
was a relationship, it was a very, very
intense conversation, very, very
intimate, it was a very important song
for the rest of the relationship, Maria
explained everything to me, she explained to me that she had
had very unpleasant memories of
that transsexual past and that we had to
stop, which I understood, as I
said, and I never stopped understanding. And
well, we continued with the relationship, we moved
forward much more. For another year and
especially towards the end of the relationship, Maria
used it against me, Maria used it
as an attack  as a method of
emotional blackmail she tried to make me feel bad
about what had happened by making it seem
like I had tried to
sexually assault her when that is not what had
happened I
fully understand that that night it
hurt her remembering those traumas are not
pleasant but you also have to put
things in perspective I tried to
sexually assault her there was no
intention of continuing past her desire
at all at first when Maria
got it out of me I was quite surprised and you
said jokingly like This is
not what happened She says to me seriously and little by little I realized that she was serious, she was serious and I was losing my voice every time it became more and more that I tried to sexually assault her and each time it was turning into a
more serious issue of emotional blackmail in which
I could not say anything against her
because otherwise all hell would break loose Maria
had this bad habit of when
we argued she would run out of some kind of
[ __ ], a box of ammunition and she would
start throwing things in my face that
made no sense and did not help anyone to be
honest  is that they caused quite a bit of damage, it
wasn't pleasant for that to be done to me.
For example, at the beginning of the relationship,
I stopped consuming porn because
Maria told me no, she didn't like me
watching porn and I understood without
complaint, without causing problems because I
understand that your partner could be
bothered by that to a certain extent, he
stopped watching it without a problem. No, it didn't
seem like a bad idea, even for my
mental health, what nonsense was it, like if you
want to watch it, why don't move it? No, what does
this have to do with what we're talking about?
I had a severe addiction so it
seemed like a good idea. So I stopped
watching it completely. It wasn't easy, obviously,
I was dictated to. It wasn't easy, it wasn't
pleasant, so I made an
active effort that it cost me, but I ended up
achieving it, but months after I
had stopped, Maria kept trying to
make me feel bad about having watched it in the
first place. I changed it, I changed it, I
stopped watching it completely for the
relationship, for the well-being of the
relationship, and it kept being thrown in my face
like some kind of unforgivable mistake
that I was making. Even at that
time, the relationship, when they had
broken up months ago  I don't know, the relationship
was very like this, we argued very often
every day, especially when we
started long distance, we argued
a lot about specific relationship issues as
teenagers and we ended up arguing.
Not so much because of the problem but because it did
n't seem like a big problem to me and she did, let's say we did
n't know how to communicate. I
mean, I'm very stubborn, I didn't help,
many times when it would have
benefited me to simply apologize and
move on, I would stand up and
say, no, I'm not going to apologize, I haven't
done anything wrong, and that would generate an
argument about why I didn't think more of what
had happened, etc., etc. But well,
normally they were things like, I have
n't called you, are
you coming to my house or am I going to yours,
that type of thing, nothing serious, but
in retrospect, they did turn into
pretty serious issues, like, we would argue
about it for hours and we wouldn't end
well, no, we wouldn't end up
with things resolved and that had a
weight on the relationship, it started to gain
momentum, at first it wasn't like that, but
then it started to gain momentum and
more and more, more and more  we argued
a lot about a variety of things and
it was absolutely emotionally draining to
be arguing all the time and we
also argued in a very
unpleasant way in a way that we
spoke badly to each other, I raised my voice I have
this bad habit that habit that is
very ugly very unpleasant Raising my voice
to those around me when I argue with someone I
raise my voice It is a very ugly attitude and
that and that I do not try to normalize it at
any time especially because Maria
in the text says that I tried to
normalize or that I tried to make it
seem normal to yell when it is not at
that age they are always super toxic relationships
but make a complaint because of what I
hear It seems to me that she is
using the subject that had already happened is
that this I in a let's watch the video it is
a little boring I'm not going to lie I'm not in
the mood at all I don't know if it's because of the
thing I have today or because the video
is too boring okay apart from that it
seems like she is reading a script I am
struck by the fact that
the video is subtitled as if we did
n't know how to understand Spanish
okay I don't know maybe it's going to  watch
videos people from Japan you know but I don't
really feel like watching it let's
finish watching it to find out and to
hear both versions of course
even though we don't like a
person we can't blame them and
take for granted everything that comes out of them
on the contrary personally what I saw
from the girl I
understand that let's see there are several things not
me when you know these types of complaints
on Twitter I always doubt it
first of all because [ __ ] those things are
reported to the police not on Twitter I've already
said it okay many times
that there were things that could from
the girl's perspective that she would have
experienced them like that okay Well maybe
from her perspective she may have
experienced it like that okay I'm not going to label
anyone nor am I going to put labels on either
one of the other of false accusations or
lying or the other of something as serious as
sexual abuse
as you are putting in the chat not
at that age relationships are super
toxic And surely well they would have some
super unpleasant arguments I
can imagine them Not arguments in which they blame each other
when you are
arguing Not in a super relationship
toxic you try to be right within the discussion
In fact I'm going to I'm not going to
watch the video anymore I mean really it
seems very robotic to me
Okay and basically I'm giving you my
conclusion but it's not going to
deny okay like take the
screenshots and everything that she has been saying
and look at this no because this no
because And it's not going to harm you in the
judicial process that you For example if you
have a screenshot that proves the
contrary in a conversation taking it out is not going
to harm you in the judicial process
Well if you are suing her
because she called you an abuser, of course we
would have to see what type of lawsuit it
is, I mean is it a civil lawsuit for the
right to honor for violating
privacy, is it a lawsuit, is it
a complaint for slander, I mean we
would have to see what it is,
no but come on None of the cases
occurs to me that would affect you that you show the
contrary if you have any evidence, I mean
let's see in fact if I am a
public figure with lots of
viewers and so on if they accuse me of
such a serious crime  I urgently need to
prove my innocence before
the other person is convicted, that is, I
first prove my innocence
publicly and then I will seek the law
so that this person pays for what they have
done. Okay, then it does not harm the
process in any way. I mean, it does not harm, she
is the one who is there, she is the one who
accused you, nothing happens if you, once you
take legal action, no, because you are
saying that you have waited a month and a half
or two, I do not know how long it has taken to
respond so as not to hinder the process,
okay. And now why are you responding
because you have already admitted the
complaint for processing because the lawsuit has already
arrived. I know why it was not like this before. It no longer
hinders the process. So I would file
the complaint. And once the complaint is filed.
And I have the response to the
complaint, the response to the complaint.
Well, now I make a video and I go, look here,
she is saying this. Well, look, I
have conversations with her. Pin Pin
understands me, I mean, and that does not harm, I mean,
the fact that you publicly defend yourself from the fact that they
are slandering you
does not harm the process, they are
not going to tell you. Ah well  Aunt is
defamed and the aunt is slandered but
since you have defended yourself, an audience well no longer
condemn her, that does not work like that at
any time it does not have It does not make any
sense that it would work like that, you
understand me So
what I tell you I mean, he himself He is
recognizing that he has had screams and
unfortunate comments until the
girl that the girl also entered an
aura of toxicity and that she was
throwing in his face something that maybe he did
not intend at that moment and
she threw it in his face throughout
the entire relationship well runaway by
runaway obviously not then of course
we will see here what is what
proceeds when when the trial but I
already tell you, I mean, we do not
even know What type of process it is
if it is a process against privacy is it
worth a process for violating
privacy has a layer probability that he will
win the process
in the sense that they have violated his
privacy because they are telling
intimate things about his life but that does not give him and it
takes away his right in the accusations of
the girl what would give him or take away his
right  in accusations of the girls
would be that the girl will be convicted for
violating the honor okay or for slander
criminally
And that is very complicated because when we
are talking about a private act of
two people who have been a couple and
especially that have been a couple for months
after the alleged fact it
is very complicated because you have to
prove that the girl is lying with
reckless price to the truth
How how do you prove if what
the girl is saying is true is a lie
If nobody can prove it do you feel like some
Lego and good vibes I am not unmotivated I
appreciate it but I am unmotivated I
want to go to bed now but tomorrow I have to
get up at
9:30 to do an analysis for my
nose
you know what I tell you if it was going to be
direct from telesalseo and then Here they have
cut me off Eh they have cut me off
I feel like filing the lawsuit and file
whatever and once
everything is tied up I will be calm
apart from the fact that a lawsuit can play
a trick on her Because if you file a
lawsuit against the girl because she is
defaming for the right to honor
plays against you the fact that it
plays against you the fact that she
releases her because the judge considers
that there is no way to prove it, or rather, but
that does not give reason to one or the
other, simply that it cannot be proven
that she is lying, okay. And the fact
that people are selling her off, taking for
granted that you are guilty, you understand, or
rather, that is very, I don't know what type of
legal strategy she is using, but
I imagine that the legal strategy
that she will be using will be
tomorrow directly with Marina. Yes, I
imagine that the legal strategy that she will be
using will be the issue of
privacy, you know, because in the issue of privacy, I don't know, they
are not looking at whether what she is saying is true or
false, it is being
judged whether
privacy is violated, you understand. I mean, if she wins the
lawsuit. And it is for privacy, it does not
mean that it is true or false, whatever it
is that they are condemning her is for
telling privacy,
you know,
then. Well, I'll tell you, we don't have to
cut anyone's head off if we don't
know, you can believe the girl or
believe him
yes it is true that I have done it I
would have answered faster I don't care about the
judicial issue I don't care about the issue
Let's see, I don't care I would do it with
how it should be done
but I don't know it's like
the answer has been thought about a lot
guys let's leave it here for today okay let's
leave it here for today let's see Lorena
is writing to me because they don't stop
hitting me let's see I'm
going to show you the truth there is
a man is that they were giving me
Lorena because Lorena had blocked him a
few days ago
thanks for this great gift ibai I hope it's
a thing he is one of those who
is threatening me and insulting me a lot for
today okay It
turns out that the man
was already blocked before it's
incredible that someone puts up with you more
incredible that he is still with you after
what you do day after day You are a [ __ ]
traumatized lapdog and [ __ ]
who the only fame he has he has
earned based on Draco and other people's pity for
internet users or famous creators disgusting in other
words this man of about 60 years old
is dedicating himself to harassing on networks in
this way look he
is fighting  today with all the
followers I've
made
I just say that I live in the same
stairwell that was once trucks and I can
dox him whenever I want
and he says so nice couple he says she's
14 years old and he says
and mother
[ __ ]
this account can't be a real person
if you could have anything for
Christmas what would you be like as a sex slave I mean
this is the guy who is not
insulting us for because of massi's tweet you
are so autistic
that you had to comment on everything
this kid has said and the others who have
made inappropriate comments to this [ __ ]
clown I sincerely believe that you are
an obsessive sick person who only
tries to justify what he does this
absolute disgusting thing You have to be
autistic to be a follower of Javi
you are a badly [ __ ]
third world [ __ ] that has nothing to do with [ __ ]
[ __ ] about a Shameless person who has
his children dead of disgust and his
wife is fed up with her
mother of God You still have autism
Ivan look and you have paid for the
verified
mother of God I am
not going to stop using the word
autistic [ __ ] if you have autism and it
offends you then sorry but I'm not going to
change it
mother of God
mother of God Let's see this is
I'm 47 years old not 50
this has to be an account of one
of these kids that follow these
people
and
and he pretends to be an older man
saying these things they
seem like [ __ ] with that name
mother of God have you
never seen a dick in your
life or what because people react
to the huaca thing
mother of God
it's a troll account surely it
has to be an account it has to
be one of these
anunus fan accounts and things like that
mother of God
report the account of course
obviously
too many emoticons for a 60 year old guy
well guys let's see I know Juan juje is
trending today but tomorrow I'll find out
what happened okay so he
just said in his live
that it makes him angry that Sur doesn't
agree with him about your content being
[ __ ] and that they don't invite you because of how you
get along with Dallas there pathetic laser
mother of God
kids we'll leave it here okay we'll
leave it here  For today
and tomorrow will be another day, we'll leave it
here, tomorrow will be another day,
okay,
a kiss, guys
[Music]